Kenneth
There are 2021 dreams total.
2021 dreams are displayed here.
#001 (01041996)

Disease Room
I am with my friend Kevin in a small room with a long rectangular table. There is a television in an upper corner of the room. It is on. My classmate Ned Stallone is a security guard. He walks by, stops, and enters. He has a mask over his mouth. I think there is a disease somewhere. It may be in our room, or somewhere else. There is a boy sitting at a table with us. He's eating a huge bowl of fruit and ice cream, which came in rectangular chunks. Ned tells us to meet at 830 in Major Hall Dormitory. (104 words)

#002 (01041996)

Grade Preview
I am with Larry Rollie and we're driving in Kevin's car to a cabin where my dad and Lisa are. We drive past a bar called the High Life. Nan Lawson and his friend are there with my dad and Lisa, and they're all swimming. We park the car. By the time it's parked, they're done swimming and are walking up towards the cabin. My dad says jokingly, with his characteristic laugh, that he's sorry I didn't do as well as I wanted. He thinks I've already found out my grades, but I haven't. Then I realize the school has sent my grades home and my dad knows what I got. I ask him. He tells me I got 12 points, meaning 4 B's, with 3.0 grade points for each. I go nuts. I fall on the ground and swear and hit the grass with my fists. I'm pissed off. My friend Esther Thurman's car is there. I'm on the ground next to it. Esther and my friend Marybeth Neumann come to console me. Part of my anger is acting. My old basketball teammate Carl Everson is there. I ask him if he can relate to my dilemma, because he did really well in high school. He says that college is harder. (214 words)

#003 (01041996)

Lake By Terrace Green
I am going fishing with my friend Tiny Combs at the lake by the Terrace Green supper club near Wilmerton. We drive over the bridge and one of us motions to the spot where we are going to meet later. I realize it's getting dark and that I don't have lights for my boat. Tiny says he has some lights. I tell him we need different colored lights one red, one white, and one blue. He says he has something that will work. We put the boat in. Once it's in I'm having major trouble steering. I want to go backwards, but I can't control the motor. The boat keeps going in circles, and I get frustrated. The motor is still running, and I pick it up off the back of the boat. The prop is tilted so to propel the boat downwards. I go underwater. My clothes are heavy. I am wearing flippers, and still holding the motor. Something tells me to kick my feet and I will go the surface. I do, but I don't see the surface. I want to turn the motor to propel me up. I don't feel any panic. I may realize I'm dreaming, but nothing becomes of it. (209 words)

#004 (01051996)

Green
I am mixing white and black with green paint to give different shades and hues of the color green. (20 words)

#005 (01051996)

Sunglasses
I am in a room with some long tables covered with white tablecloths. The tables are set for some type of dinner. There is a man there with slick sunglasses. I have my two pairs of sunglasses. I leave them on the table. He looks at them and tries them on, but doesn't like them. (56 words)

#006 (01051996)

Water Tower
Stephen and I are at our college, Brimson, but it's different. There is a sloping hill and a Tom Thumb store. We are throwing or shooting firecrackers. We throw one at a kid. He tosses it inside a nearby building, through a little hole. It blows up, breaking down the wall of the building. Stephen and I go into a small door. The room we go into is large and bare. It's painted completely blue with rust patches all over. The room is then the top of a mushroom cloud water tower. Gino Teavor is there. There is a door on the other side of the room, straight across from the door we entered. I go to the far door and carefully peer out. It is a long way to the ground. I lay down and put my head out the doorway. There is another building with an old blue rusted top. I look out the other door. There is a police car below with its lights on. I look below my feet. There is a grate with rung steps going down the center of the water tower. Outside there is a rope going down the side of the tower. If I go outside the police might shoot me. So I take the grate off and start climbing down, going as fast as I can. I don't know if Stephen or Gino follow. When I get to the bottom of the tower, I fight with a fat police officer. I think the other officer is hurt. Stephen and Gino aren't there, or they are bystanders. I throw a hollow metal tube about 6 feet long at this officer. I miss. He throws it back, and I dodge it. He jumps up as I swing, and it goes under his feet. (302 words)

#007 (01061996)

The Grease Pit
I go to the Grease Pit to see my friend Matt and get some food. I walk up to the place from outside and say hey to Matt. He says hey back. I see a lady in a white shirt that I think is his supervisor. Then I'm inside the building. Matt and I talk and he asks me if I want any food. I don't know if he means free food, like usual, or not, since the lady is there. She is frying mushrooms in a fryer instead of French Fries. There is a line up of cars but neither of them are doing much. They take one order and I hand it to a guy through he drive up window after about five minutes. The man is angry and asks me a question. I answer honestly and he speeds around the building to ask the white-skirted lady the same question, only to get the same answer. Matt and I talk about trading subs for burgers, but I don't know what kind, or what size, sub I have. They are closing, and the woman is sweeping the floor in back. The cars are still lined up. (200 words)

#008 (01061996)

Grandma's Apples
I'm at grandma Redding's house, in the kitchen with both grandma and grandpa. Grandpa is slicing apples into a pie. They're brown and soggy, but crispy when you bite into them. I'm eating an apple. Grandpa says something about a chicken defecating on its chicks in some class he took. I identify with him, saying I took a class nearly the same, but nothing happened with chickens. I walk past the entrance of grandma and grandpa's room. The door is open and the bed is shaggily made grandpa is getting older and doesn't bother to tuck in the edges. My mom walks out of the entrance hall into their room. She is wearing only a sweater. It goes down over her hips. It looks like she is wearing only that. She asks grandma and grandpa to borrow a pair of pants, because she's cold. I say she can borrow on of mine, that I'll have one that will fit. My mom is running in a race later that night. (171 words)

#009 (01061996)

Pale Man
There is a man coming towards my head, in space it seems. He is growing larger as he gets closer. He has dark hair and a brown suit on. He is pale. (34 words)

#010 (01061996)

Run Stairs
I decide I want to strengthen my knee muscles by running stairs in my dormitory, Franklin Hall. So I do. The stairs area all wooden and get narrower as you get towards the top. It's hard to even squeeze through some places because it's so narrow. I get to the top. The building is swaying side to side. I know I'm on the 4th floor and it's swaying the most here. It is not swaying as much on the 3rd floor. The wooden floor is like grandpa and grandma's old upstairs hallway. It's 200am, and there are people crashed on the floor because they're drunk. I step over them. There is a head master lady, who is an old Russian woman sitting at a desk. I think she's drunk. I enter a door after I pass the Russian lady. I am in grandma Redding's old plant room. There is a kid there who plays soccer; Kevin Nielson I think, and I think he's drunk too. He tells me he saw me score a goal. I tell him I don't play soccer. We are down by the exit door to the plant room, and we go outside. There is a pack or bunch of wolf-like dogs outside. They start chasing Kevin. I yell at the dogs. They turn toward me and I run. I am ready to kick the dog coming directly towards me when it jumps at me, but it doesn't jump. All the dogs come close and are snarling at me, ready to attack. I wake up, but am not really afraid. (265 words)

#011 (01061996)

Hannah at BCU
I'm in my talking to Hannah Reed on the telephone. We talk about her school, BCU. A coach of hers is quitting, but is going to help her cheat somehow. In a stern voice I say, Hannah. I ask her if she has had sex. She is surprised and laughs a little, saying, What!, but then concedes that she has. She says something about giving all her male friends fellatio. I think to myself that she never gave me fellatio. (83 words)

#012 (01071996)

Hilary's Mother
I'm at my house in Oak Valley. The lights are off, and it's nearly dark outside. I'm on my uncle Vev Redding's bed. There is a CD in. It's Bob Mould's Black Sheets of Rain playing, but it's sort of a mix. On the CD there is the shape of the Hot Wheels logo, with words on it. I think it says Bob Mould, but I'm not sure. I'm going to masturbate lying on the bed. The phone rings. I go to pick it up. It's Hilary Nano's mother. My friend Simon Naver picks up the phone from the basement. He's either really drunk or stoned. I think he's hung over. I tell Simon that he's at my house, that this is Kenneth (speaking). He hangs up. Hilary's mother is worried and asks where she is. I tell her they left a while ago, and Hilary should be home in a couple hours. The other phone lines keep ringing. I hear them in the basement, and keep clicking over to answer the calls. It's my sister Heather or her friends. They're distracting me from talking to Hilary's mother. When I click back, Hilary's brother says hi. They are worried about her. (203 words)

#013 (01071996)

Checkpoint
I'm at the Uptown shopping mall and I buy a big brown short-sleeved shirt with some strips on it. I go out the JC Penny back doors. I ride in a car with a family. There is a lady driving with an infant on her lap. Two girls are in the back with me. A boy is in the front passenger side. We go by the liquor store. The baby kisses its mother, using its tongue. The mother kisses back, with tongue. At the corner of Main Street and Oak Avenue we are stopped. On the corner there where Nantucket's furniture store is there is a checkpoint. They are checking for a disease or a problem. I know I have been to this place before in a previous dream. They take my photograph while telling me to look at a small black plastic card with some numbers on it. I am sitting across from a woman who has blue hair. Her hair is short, and in a messy, dreadlock-type look, all bunched up in places, pinched together. She has fishhooks all over her head and in her ears. They are stuck in her hair. I think of telling her that once I pierce my ears with fishhooks, but I don't. The workers there want to turn on a television. The radio is already playing. They give me an identification card. It's black and white and fuzzy. The photo on the card isn't me. The name on the card isn't mine. There is a sort of code on the back, like a UPC code, I think that is where the cardholder information is. (273 words)

#014 (01071996)

Orion
I am biking on my old little red Huffy bike down 26th Ave in Wilmerton towards Scott Junior High. It's nearly pitch black and the stars are marvelous. I can't see the road at all and am worried that I'll hit a big pothole and flip over. But I'm not paying attention to the road anyways. I cross Roundabout Way and as I do Elise Rooks drives by in her blue car. I want to yell to her but I don't. I think about going out to my girlfriend Annie's house even though I know she's at school. I can see the constellation Orion really well. (107 words)

#015 (01071996)

Underground Garden
I'm with my brother Wally in my dad's car driving to my dad's house. It's a different house. It's dark and Wally is driving down the alley. There is snow and snow banks on the ground. Wally starts turning the car around in weird directions. I ask him what he's doing, but then he pulls into the driveway perfectly. We get out of the car. It's daytime and there is no snow on the ground it's summer. I walk from the driveway onto the grass. Wally warns me to not walk there, but I do anyway. I fall through the grass, which is actually a thin covering for my dad and Lisa's underground greenhouse-type area. My dad and Wally also fall through. They yell and scream at me in their characteristic ways, saying they warned me and that it's my fault. This is true I didn't heed the warning. The greenhouse is about four feet deep, and there are wooden 2x4's supporting the grass above in various places. The spot that we fell through is a portion of this area. There is an old dirty window with a lot of yellow jacket bees swarming and crawling on it. There are some broken boards from where we fell, and I try to fix them. We can't really stand up because we'd break the grass roof again. Lisa comes out of the house. I think she is mixing cookie dough. She is mad, but of course, doesn't really show her anger. (251 words)

#016 (01081996)

Bike Ride into Perkins
I ride a bike into a Perkins restaurant. I dodge a table and brush up against a lady on the end. I stop my bike in a corner of the restaurant. There are many people from my high school, a year younger than I, that are there. As I get off my bike they notice my short hair. We joke and engage in small talk. I say that I have to go talk to Annie. I walk down a little ramp and over to a booth where my girlfriend Annie, friends Nelson Eastman, Simon Naver, and others are. I shake Nelson and Simon's hand, asking how its' going. Then I slide into the booth, which is a semicircle, and sit next to Annie. I kiss her and she kisses me. I feel awkward kissing her in front of everyone. She starts kissing and licking on my left ear. It feels good. I kiss her neck and mouth. We pause; I think I should order food. The waitress hands us menus. Everyone orders, I am last. I can't decide what to get, and then think that I want the Blockbuster. I turn to the menu page on the menu where it is, but see that when you order it you get a hamburger, not pancakes, eggs, and hash browns. I see that and don't want it. I think I may have ordered the breakfast blockbuster, but I don't know. (242 words)

#017 (01081996)

Night Fishing
I am fishing in my boat. It is nighttime, maybe very early morning. The stars and moon are brilliant, and the horizon is a pink glow from the rising sun. I don't have any lights on my boat. I know I've been to the lake before, but I can't put a name on it. The shape of the lake was odd. The lake was calm. I am trolling backwards to my fishing destination. My hands dangle off the back of the boat, and I am holding a tube of Clearasil. I drop it, but it floats. I turn the boat around to pick it up. A big bass jumps ahead of me and to the right. I see it. It was floating near the surface of the water, looking almost dead. Its head was near the surface and its tail submerged. I trolled over it. It was a monster largemouth bass, at least 10 pounds, absolutely huge! I was going to reach in and grab it by the mouth, but I didn't and it swam away. I am then in a stream with clear shallow water, and it is daytime. I'm trying to hit the fish with an oar to kill it, but it quickly swims away. (209 words)

#018 (01081996)

Stab a Moving Squirrel
There is a squirrel on a flat surface. It is moving in a small semicircle-like path, less than a couple feet in diameter. There is a point on the back of the squirrel's neck that I am trying to stag with a needle-like rod. The squirrel moves, and then stops, and then moves again. I stab it when it stops. (64 words)

#019 (01091996)

Wally's New Minivan
(My recollection of this dream was prompted when I saw a minivan today on the road.) I am in the Crossroads Shopping Mall parking lot with my mom. We are leaving in the car. My brother Wally is there, and is driving a minivan. I ask my mom where Wally got the minivan. She says that he bought it. I ask how he can afford it, and my mom says that she doesn't know. We drive out of the parking lot. (84 words)

#020 (01091996)

Blossom Home for Lunch
I dreamed about the characters from the television show Blossom. Blossom's father is in the kitchen with a woman. It's around lunchtime. They are going to have sex. Blossom and her boyfriend come home over the lunch hour, but not to eat. The father says to the woman something like, How are people going to know we love each other if we don't prove it He is implying that they prove it by having sex. Meanwhile, in the living room, Blossom is hearing the same words from her boyfriend. He is a physically small, unsure, afraid kid. Blossom is in her pajamas. I see the potential trouble the father and woman friend are going to walk through the living room to get to the bedroom. Blossom and her boyfriend will be there, and will get into trouble. (141 words)

#021 (01091996)

Cards on New Year's Eve
I'm with a group of people, including Nat Miller and Yvonne Zellers. We're sitting in someone's living room in a big circle, playing cards. I'm dealing a poker game. I put the jokers on the bottom of the deck. I'm going to cheat and deal them to me. We must be playing Baseball because 3's and 9's are wild. I have this horrible tasting stuff in my mouth; it might be vinegar. We talk about the money used in Britain, pounds. Someone says that the exchange rate is 20 pounds for one US dollar. I have a quarter, so that's five pounds. The cards are dealt. I have a good hand, but we are all just joking around, not playing serious poker. People go to the door to leave. My mom is there, she says goodbye to them. I show them my hand before they go. I have ten 10's, consisting of five natural 10's, two of which are the 10 of spades, three 9's and two 3's. The deck is a mix of all different cards, like I used for playing Canasta as a kid. As they leave, I realize it's New Year's Eve. (200 words)

#022 (01101996)

Catching a German Shepard
I'm ice fishing with my friends Stephen Ramos and Rachel Steiner in my other friend Kevin Simpson's ice fishing house. We call it the beer house. The house is sitting in the middle of the intersection of highway 50 and 6th Avenue in Oak Valley, near Gino Teavor's house. There are four ice-fishing holes in the house, whereas normally there are two. Stephen's rod is a normal size fishing rod, and is sitting outside the house, propped up, like in carp fishing. He gets a bite. His rod tip bends as the slack line peels out. I quickly grab his rod and yell to Stephen that I think there is a big carp on his line. The ice is then gone, and we are in a swampy, marshy area with a little bit of open water. The carp makes a strong run, and I run after it, while letting line out so it doesn't snap, as well as taking line in to keep the line tight. I walk down by the viaduct. Stephen yells that there is a big dog on the end of the line! It is a German Shepard, and it's mad! I slip and fall into the swamp up to my waist. The dog makes a run directly at me. It steps up on a little bed of weeds and growls at me while I squirm in the muck to get into a defensive position. (242 words)

#023 (01101996)

Chevy Truck Commercial
A white truck is driving on a snowy, slushy, partially frozen road. This is a Chevy truck commercial. A man says, What are you gonna do when your herd of cattle run across a snow bank He's implying that a Chevy can drive across it. I have a picture of the cattle in my mind. I thought the truck would cross over onto a different area using a passage, but it doesn't. It keeps going, and is then on a 2-lane road, which changes to a 4-lane road. Two semi trucks move into he fast lane and the white truck passes these on the right. There is a gunfight. The back window of the truck is shot out.

The Joker is sitting in a chair in a room. Madonna is there. She has control. The Joker may be injured. Madonna isn't wearing any underwear. She comes over to him and crawls over a desk in front of him, turning around so her ass is closest to him. Her skirt is pushed up and her ass is visible. She is going to sit on his lap. I think they have sex. I want to have sex with her.

I'm with my sisters Heather and Ramona. We're in a room and there is a television on. I'm having sex with Ramona. She is lying on her stomach and I'm on top of her. I thrust until I feel like I will come. I realize I can't get my sister pregnant and I'm not wearing a condom so I pull my penis out and tell her to perform fellatio. She doesn't know what to do, and I can tell she has never done that before. Football is on television. (289 words)

#024 (01101996)

Little Girls Delivering Morning Paper
I'm at my mom's house in Oak Valley. It is winter, and is early in the morning. Two minivans pull up in front of the house. I walk out to the vans with no shirt on. A girl gets out of the first van. I walk over to the second van. The girl's parents say that she isn't going to deliver the paper this morning because something is wrong with her; she's sick. I ask the parents if they know the route so I can call them if I have trouble delivering the papers. I go back inside and eat turkey and bread. I say that this shouldn't happen to my mom, who is their piano teacher. (122 words)

#025 (01101996)

Mr. Smith's Good Catch
A man gets back from ice fishing. He is older but quite competent, and reminds me of Mr. Smith who lives on 8th Avenue and 1st Street in Oak Valley. He has five clear plastic bags filled with frozen fish. I guess that he has 47 fish there. Then I think that there must be more. He's putting them into the freezer. I help him do this, and I comment that these are some big fish, particularly the pinfish. He also has northern pike and Walleye in his catch. I ask him how he does so well, and he says that he hooks the worms through the back of the neck. (115 words)

#026 (01111996)

Nelson Eastman's Father's Heart Attack
I'm sitting in my basement, which is larger and more open than it actually is. My friends Nelson Eastman, Simon Naver, Tony Kramer and Lyle Zeffman are there. We're talking. My friend Edith Sherman is coming home soon and is coming over to my house. Linus Doman calls. The guys and I all talk about what divorce is like. Nelson talks about his father's heart attack. He says the symptoms and the heart attach appeared all in one day, with no prior warning. (88 words)

#027 (01111996)

Bike Ride in the Dirt to Armstrong
I'm washing really dirty dishes that appear to have had lasagna served on them. My friend Esther Thurman is at my house and is looking for a key she thinks she may have left there. I go into my mom's room where there are five different sets of keys. We fumble through them. One set is Esther's.

I am riding my bike from home to Armstrong High School. Nat Miller and three other people are with me, also riding on my bike. There is road construction. The dirt is soft and hard to pedal in. I swear, because it is tough to pedal in the dirt. We go towards Armstrong on Home Avenue. My friend Yvette Ullman is in the group. I think we can take a shortcut by cutting across the Parts Company lot. The land there is hard and we can bike fast. I turn too soon, near the Roadside building, and have to go down a ways further. There are employees outside. When I get over by the Large Company, I find I'm in Golden Acres riding my old red Huffy bike with crooked handlebars. The neck of the bike is loose again. There are some soccer players kicking a ball around in their yard. (215 words)

#028 (01111996)

Greasy Hair
I'm trying to comb my hair. It's really greasy. It is dark brown in color. I want to make it look semi-okay, so I'm not a total dirtball. (30 words)

#029 (01131996)

Team Photograph at My House
I'm at my home in Oak Valley sitting on the floor near the four bay windows. The Brimson College Basketball team comes through the front door for a team photograph. They move the furniture out of the window area. I talk to Yar Glenn, the coach, and help him move a coffee table. I check the refrigerator. (62 words)

#030 (01131996)

USA vs. Mexico on a Dirt Court
I'm on a basketball court. It is similar to the field house at Brimson. I'm warming up with my team. I can't dunk the basketball. There is one kid, I think from Rival High School, who dunks easily. I should be able to also, but when I go up to dunk I just don't get high enough, and end up laying it in, or even missing the lay-up and going for the put-back.

I'm on an outside court, which is hard packed dirt. Someone has a long metal rod and they jab the dirt in one spot making it not-so-smooth. There are a number of groups of people there. Bud Slick, Donald Dilson, Daryl Yeller, and Simon Naver, people I know from high school, are each in a group. Donald Dilson's group is tracing the outline of a body on the dirt, which is then the Armstrong High School gym surface, using white chalk. There is a black man there with a cane, which is like a metal rod. He is hiding it down the leg of his pants. The national anthem is played. The game is USA versus Mexico. Mexico is a shorter and smaller team. I feel like the team I am playing for, the USA, will easily defeat Mexico. (219 words)

#031 (01141996)

31 Miles to Dalz
I'm up north in Franklin country, driving in a car to Hillston. It is around 1000 am on a bright sunny morning. I look up and see the moon in the sky next to the sun. They are about one thumb's width apart, I judge. There appears to be a bite taken out of each of them. I think this is weird because they are never that close to each other. There is an alien face to the left of the sun. It is black with white eyes and a white mouth. I wonder where this is coming from, and then I turn around and see that the sun is reflecting off the windshield and bumper of the car behind me back into the sky. Ahead of me and to my right is what looks like my friend Nate Nelling's car. I pass it. Then I am in the car, and am passing a semi-truck. I am nervous about being in such a little car. I make a turn on the road when going almost 60mph. I feel the car kind of shake. The sun is really bright as we round the curve. I drive into a small town. The speed limit sign says 49mph. The town is just like Oak Valley when you drive in on highway 23. There is a baseball field and an AAA store on the right. There is a Food-n-Fuel and a bar on the left. But the town has a newer, cleaner, smaller atmosphere to it. A lot of things are colored bright blue. I look for a sign that will point me in the direction of Hillston, because I think I've gotten a little off track. There is a road sign saying Dalz, which is the name of a town, is 31 miles, with an arrow pointing to the left. I turn left, but stop to check the road map in my back pocket. (325 words)

#032 (01151996)

A Talk with the Sisters
I'm in a store in Forkville with my mom and my two sisters, Heather and Ramona. We're at a sort of foosball table that is made like a pinball machine with a little spring shooter made from wood that one pulls back. I'm talking to Heather about being responsible. My mom says she's going to take a walk. I say I'll meet her at Applebee's in 10 minutes. It is in the same plaza that we're in now. She says meet in one minute, not 10. She then goes out to the parking lot, which has a light layer of snow, and starts dancing around. I'm talking to Heather, telling her she has got to make good choices in life. I tell her she has to respect our mom and not be rude to her. I basically scold her for being a dumbass and tell her to shape up. Then I look at Ramona, but I don't say much to her. (166 words)

#033 (01161996)

Room to Move
I am in my old bedroom. I am wearing really baggy pants and a t-shirt. I just feel like it, I guess. (25 words)

#034 (01171996)

Jens can't do Laundry
I ask my roommate Jens Nils to do his laundry. I get the usual crap-filled feeble excuse. Then he admits that he doesn't know how. He asks me to do it for him. I scream at him, No, fuck no!. I tell him I'll show him how. He has a pair of yellow pants, a pair of white pants, and his sheets. We borrow laundry tokens from Stephen. I find a 1954-penny when Stephen gives us the laundry tokens. The yellow bleeds onto the white pants. My friend Jimmy Youngman is then Jens, and he's not picky that the yellow pants bled onto his sheets too. (110 words)

#035 (01171996)

Girl with Nipple Ring
I'm sleeping in a single bed in a dorm room. A girl crawls under the sheets at the foot of the bed and pops her head out the top of the sheets near my chest. She is rubbing my penis with her hands, outside of the bluish-purple sweatpants I am wearing. I want her to give me fellatio. She is not wearing a shirt. There is another person in the room who is aware of us. I kiss the girl on the mouth once. She wants me to drink alcohol to get rid of my morning breath. There is a bottle of vodka there but I don't want it. It's 1030 in the morning. I kiss her face, ear, and neck, and suck her breasts. She has a nipple ring in her left nipple. There are red marks like hicci's all over her breast. I ask her if she has any kids. She says no. I say I have three, and then tell her I'm kidding. I want to give her cunnilingus, but she won't let me because she wants to kiss me, and won't do so if I perform cunnilingus. I try to anyways. Her vagina doesn't smell too good. She covers her vagina with her hand and pushes me away. (216 words)

#036 (01171996)

I hit Robbins Garage
I'm driving my truck down Home Avenue in Oak Valley, going south. I just started it, and it's running rough. It stalls by Roman's house and I coast down to 1st Street, turn left, and restart it. I turn left on Next Avenue and go north. I turn into Robbins' driveway. There are two parts to a dock there. I go up to the garage, but lose my footing on the clutch and brake and hit it. Then I say that I'm going to do that over, and I do, stopping before I hit the garage. There are other people there. One person is eating an orange. Something about recycling is going on. Kent Robbins is in the garage. I am Fred Flintstone. Something happens with a bicycle. (132 words)

#037 (01181996)

Card Playing is Illegal
I'm with a group of people, consisting of one guy and three girls, sitting on or near the side of a road. I recognize my friend Yvette Ullman. She is topless, and has very large breasts. We are going to play cards. Yvette doesn't seem to be conscious of her nakedness, or if she is she doesn't care. I try not to look directly at her chest, but it is hard not to. She stands up and puts a big bra on.

We are now by the railroad tracks in Oak Valley, near 3rd Avenue, outside by a road playing cards. The police all and say they've been getting calls about gambling and card playing. Everyone starts to put the stuff away. I tell them to hold on, and I run across the tracks to a green house where the Teavor family lives. They have a phone on the outside of their garage near the door. I pick it up and call the police. An officer picks up the phone. I yell and sweat at the person. He yells back. I tell them it's my right guaranteed by the constitution to play cards if I want to. The officer brings up my past, asking if I've ever been stopped for speeding. It turns out that recently I had been going 26mph in a 25mph zone and the roads were icy. My car spun around. A cop stopped and questioned me. I hadn't been drinking. The cop kicked my car. The blackmails me into not pursuing the card playing issue because I was going over the speed limit and could have been given a ticket. I yell at the cop over the phone that this is blackmail! I was being harassed! I hang up the phone knowing the police are on their way. I tell everyone to leave their stuff and run. We do. My gradeschool classmate Sonya Nittles is there. She is running in the same direction as I. I go forwards to Carter School. She starts to follow me, then doesn't. That is good because it is easier for me to travel alone. I run towards the bowling alley. I'm wearing a life preserver (life jacket). I jump a fence and scrape my wrists a little bit. The cops are looking for me. I go into Billie's daycare to rest. I peer out onto Holy Avenue. Two police cars go through the intersection of Holy and 2nd Street. One of them turns and drives down Holy, towards where I am. I run inside and go into the women's bathroom. I take the garbage bag out of the trash can and throw the life jacket in, putting the bag back in place. The cop car is rolling slowly down Holy. I think I can elude it. (470 words)

#038 (01181996)

Long Lucid Scene Change
I'm at a dance club that has the atmosphere of Big Dance Club. I see Amy Kunkel. She talks to me and tells me this has become her hang out. Prince either owns the club or is there. I go out of the club and see some neatly trimmed bushes. They have a reddish-purple veil covering them. One of the bushes looks like a big Afro. I pull this veil off the bushes and scrunch it up into a little ball about the size of a cantaloupe and put it to my nose, inhaling deeply. It smells a little bit like raspberries. It is the color of raspberry. It is Prince's veil.

I walk up a ramp to leave the club. Whitney Houston comes down with her entourage. She is playing the part from the movie Waiting to Exhale, and I remember a radio announcer saying in the movie that she couldn't get a date, and indirectly pointing out it's quite a bit different in real life.

I am with three women. Two of them are black, and one is white. I may be the white woman. We are walking down a long cement ramp like the one at the Montana Zoo in the tropical garden section. We are all wearing nice dresses and holding umbrellas. About halfway down the ramp one of them women turns and goes into a building. The other two continue to the bottom of the ramp, where there are doors and a shopping mall. I am carrying my umbrella off my shoulder. The other woman and I go through the doors at the end of the ramp.

I am now with my friends Bubba Hacker and Kevin Simpson in the mall scene. Bubba tries to get into this JC Penny store. The door to the store won't open. I pull a latch on a sliding door next to the one Bubba tried, and we all open it. We walk in, and see that it is a storage area, maybe for overstock items. The room is large and mostly empty. There are a few pallets of dog food in big green bags, and Bubba says that what we have to do is load those on a truck. There is a forklift there. I think that since I have a little experience with a forklift I'll drive it. I get in the seat and realize that I'm sitting backwards, so I turn around. The forklift moves. I must have hit something inadvertently when I sat down. It rolls and falls off the loading dock, 5 or 6 feet down. We have no way of moving it, so I walk over to the power jack. I can't work the power jack because the buttons are different than what I'm used to. The jack goes in different directions that I intend. Then I get it to work adequately, and run the jack into a pallet so I can stack the other pallets on top of that one. There is no longer dog food on top of them. Bubba is down on the loading ramp. I realize I'm dreaming and say to Bubba, Bubba, I'm dreaming! This is your dream and I realize I'm dreaming in it! I decide not to change the dream, just to go with it.

Outside the loading dock is Grandpa Redding's farmyard. Kevin is running or driving something around. My truck is parked in the driveway, and there are people in it, lying in the back. Among them are my friends Carol Derth, Mya Rousing, and Nat Miller, and my cousin Anna Strange. They are cold, and I give them blankets. I tell them to take their clothes off and get next to each other to stay warm. One of the girls does. Grandpa asks me if the latches on the truck work okay. I say the tailgate is working fine. I think there is a bicycle or two in the back as well. There is a bunch of cane sighing poles in the back of a bluish-gray truck or van. They were from the group of people in my truck, who had gone fishing at Keeper Lake off the dock earlier in the day. The people in the back of my truck are saying that they're going to be cold on the ride home. I walk over to my mom's car. I think we are all driving home in it. Grandpa points out that the back tires are low. We're not all going to fit. Inside the porch, where the guns used to be kept, are two pairs of my basketball shoes My new basketball shoes and my old white pair with the sides ripped out. (786 words)

#039 (01191996)

Harry and the Hendersons
I'm near Grassy field in Wilmerton. My friends Stephen Ramos and Sherman Andrews are in a soccer game. I am with a sort of family, which includes my friend Kristy Puffy. We have a big recreational vehicle. Kristy asks me if I have a knife. Of course, I say, I always have a knife in my pocket, and pull it out. I shove a set of my classmate Fred Slick's oars into the back of the RV, and they break the windshield. I have the feeling of Harry and the Hendersons. There is an old man there and we are both chasing and eluding this Harry creature. (111 words)

#040 (01191996)

Strip Club Questionnaires
I am with my friend Nat Miller and another person. We go into a place that reminds me of a nursing home, but it is for a strip club. We intend to go to a strip club. We go to the desk and fill out a questionnaire. After that, I think it's okay that we go. (59 words)

#041 (01201996)

Jens is Washing Sheets!
I am in my room with my roommate Jens Nils. I ask him about washing his sheets (i.e., if he has, or if he is going to). He points to them and says, Yeah, look, I'm going to do it... (44 words)

#042 (01201996)

Assassin Gone too Far
I'm walking to the Meyers dorm with my friend Niles Zelling. My friend Nat Miller, and a man named Jesse, they guy that was hunting us in the Assassin game, are getting out of their car. Niles and I have already been killed. I say to the two that if they shoot me I'm going to beat the crap out of them. Nat shoots me with his water gun, and I chase him, tackle him, and punch him repeatedly. I feel bad, because I know Nat is my friend and I don't want to hurt him. (100 words)

#043 (01201996)

e's Mounting
There are two lower case letter e's. One is attempting to have sex with the other my mounting it from behind. (see notebook for drawing of e's) (29 words)

#044 (01201996)

James with an 8mm
I'm in a room with a keg, where a small party is going on. My roommate Jens Nils and his girlfriend Natasha Lens are there, drunk. My friend Stephen Ramos and classmate Becky Happs are there. I fill up with beer a brown wine bottle that had been filled with my rhubarb wine. I am reaching for something and bump my lucky lottery candle, breaking it. The candle is huge about 2 feet high and 1 foot in diameter. It's a clean break.

We have a meal with wild rice, among other things. A man that looks like my neighbor Addison walks in. I say, Hi Addison. He is stern looking, and says his name isn't Addison; it's James. I apologize, and say, Hi James. He walks into the corner of the room without speaking. He moves slowly and surely. He chases me out of the room, taking me hostage. He has an 8mm pistol. The Hall Administrator (HA) is there, but doesn't help my. I knock the gun out of James' hand, and punch him. We wrestle. I tell for the HA to grab the gun but he doesn't. Finally I reach the gun myself and shoot James three times in the head. The HA didn't do anything! (213 words)

#045 (01201996)

I'm Kicked Out
I open the medicine cabinet over the sink in my Franklin Hall dorm room and see the personal items of my roommate's girlfriend, Natasha Lens, where mine usually are. I look down and see my toiletries in my dirty laundry basket. Natasha has moved in, and I am kicked out. (53 words)

#046 (01201996)

Minotaur Smashes my Motorcycle
I'm driving back from a long trip. I get into the Metropolis, and realize I missed my exit. I was daydreaming about a trip with my girlfriend, Annie Thomas. Than I'm driving my truck backwards on the freeway and there is a semi-truck driving backwards too. I pull over to the side of the freeway to turn around and go straight. I do, and when traffic is clear enough for me to go, I see a buffalo grazing near the side of the freeway. I am on a motorcycle. As I get closer to the buffalo it turns into a minotaur. I stop. I'm scared. The minotaur crushes the front of my motorcycle. I get off and run to the side of the road. It picks up the motorcycle and throws it a long way. (139 words)

#047 (01201996)

Nat Miller in Strength Shoes
My friend Nat Miller walks out of his room door with my pair of strength shoes on. I see him from down by my room. (30 words)

#048 (01201996)

The Treacherous Tube Ride
I'm at a Brimson basketball game with my friend Stephen Ramos. After the game we meet my dad. Stephen hugs my dad, but I don't. Will Dunks is there, meeting his parents.

I'm at a Kings Boat Cafe. The restaurant is a boat. My brother Wally and his friend Brian Rappaport are there, as well as my friends Tiny Combs and Hilary Nano. We are eating, or have to eat, a hot dish. In it is the main dish, dessert everything, all in one. My schoolmates Holly and Megan Tanks are there. I talk to Holly about the University of Montana. She asks me about college. I think she thinks I go to the University of Montana Dillville.

I'm going down the Dirty River on a tube. There is a water park connected to the river. I just make it, grabbing on to a railing and pulling myself up onto a flume-like ride on my tube. If I would have missed the ride, I would have been hurt or killed, because the river gets rough ahead.

I'm riding the bus back from the water park. The Tank twins are next to me. They show my holes in their arms from donating plasma, and say they're finishing up their donations next Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.

Darwin Chaimberlin, Jimmy Youngman, and I are walking back from a basketball game. Darwin stays I should go teach Hebrew school. I say I don't know anything about that. He says I can go to a meeting that night and learn. (259 words)

#049 (01201996)

Pizza is Gone
I'm at my house. There is a small party going on. My classmate Robyn Masters is there. There is a pizza box there. Robyn asks me to come closer to her. I do. She says she wants to go back to Brimson, and asks if I want to go too. I say okay. I reach for the pizza box. It's gone; people have taken it. I'm not quick enough. (72 words)

#050 (01221996)

Double Down Stud
I am at the Casino playing Double Down Stud. I get four 5's. I double down. I end up with four of a kind. I win $182.50. The attendant comes. They take me into a room to sign a release. They have been monitoring me. They tell me a bunch of symptoms I wasn't aware of for a particular disease that they think I have, but I don't think I do. There are boxes of fake ID's on the floor. (83 words)

#051 (01221996)

Eating Ice Cream by the Spoonful
I'm in a Target Store. My friend Nicole Peterson is working there, stocking deodorant. My friend Stephen Ramos is there. He says he didn't wear deodorant when he was younger. I say that I did; I have a good mom. I walk away with a tube of deodorant. I go to the freezer section with two spoons. I'm going to eat ice cream. There are a bunch of containers opened and spilled. A container of chocolate is liquid one could drink it. There is a man with a dog in the aisle. I don't want to eat with him there, so I go around the corner. There is a man stealing and eating donuts there. I walk out of the Target, into a mall. I see classmates Jerome Michaels and Pete Lutz, and we talk. Jerome tells me that he is in his 10th day of basic training and it's being held at Wilmerton University. They are learning how to build rope bridges, and attend classes. He asks me if I know why we yell when running towards the enemy. I say because it will alarm or startle them. My buddy Matt Yams is there with me. (203 words)

#052 (01231996)

Dream Weaver
I'm in a house where there is a partybarbeque going on. Most of the people are outside. I am with my wife. The host kills her. I am beaten, and am bleeding severely. I get up and stumble out the door, running. The people at the party see me and are shocked, saying to the host, What did you do to him The people come after me. I'm running through neighborhoods trying to escape. There are secret agents helping me. They have clues. I get to agent # 307. He is standing in 1.5 feet of snow. A car goes by and he signals to it that this is the spot. I may be in the car, or it may be the bad guys. I punch a hole in the snow and reach down and grab an apple, which is the clue. The agent reads it. There is a car there with my classmates Robyn Masters and Dolly Storms in it. They have guns, some of which are real and some are water guns. I knock the real guns out of their hands and get in the drivers seat. I hit the accelerator, and the wheels spin. I move slowly at first, afraid of being shot. My friend Tim Zelling grabs on to the rear passenger side door, and is dragging along as I drive.

I am called the Dream Weaver. I'm driving through a hospital-like area. There is a black man standing there and he says, That's the dream weaver. I steer the car, weaving, to try to shake Tim off the car. There is a red light ahead. I have to shake him off before it. (280 words)

#053 (01231996)

Stephen Dies
My good friend Stephen Ramos has died. A car hit him. I am at the wake in Wilmerton with my mom and Stephen's mother, Isabelle Ramos. I hold my mom and Isabelle and we all cry. (38 words)

#054 (01241996)

Deer Hunting
I'm deer hunting in a party of four. I'm the party leader. We are in farm country in southern Montana. My classmate Emilio Kluck had shot a big deer at one spot where we are, so I align a pair of antlers to point at that spot like they are a gun. There are a lot of metal stakes in the farmland that I might have to pull out. I might want to cover the land up with a tarp. There is a crack there. It looks like an area near Farmington, where my grandparents live. (98 words)

#055 (01241996)

Dunk while Amy is Reffing
I'm playing a basketball game in which Amy Leopard is the referee. I get a fast break, one-on-zero. I dribble and run funny, because I want to dunk. I get close to the hoop and jump. The rim is already bent down. I jump and dunk it lightly. The other team complains that I was hanging on the rim. I disregard their complaints. (68 words)

#056 (01241996)

Eating Frozen Yogurt
I go into The Country's Best Yogurt with my dad and three siblings. We have $20. That's four dollars each, I figure. What I want costs between six and seven dollars. I give my brother Wally three dollars. The lady asks me what I want in it (i.e. in my yogurt). I say I don't know. She asks if I like ice cream. I say yes. Then she adds a catalyst to the yogurt to make it ice cream. There is an awful lot to eat; too much for me. (93 words)

#057 (01231996)

Stephen Has Babies
I'm with my friends Stephen Ramos, Amy Leopard, and Virginia Hamms. We're getting into a car by the train bridge in Wilmerton. Stephen has babies. It is not clear to me if he physically gives birth, or if he is the father of babies. I sit in the back seat behind the driver. Amy is next to me. I'm leaning on her. She tells me not to lean on her shoulder, but to lean on her chest. We drive past the train bridge and I ask Amy if she has every jumped off. She says no, and I tell her that she should sometime and that it's a rush. She laughs. Amy and Virginia are being really nice to me. We drive to a park at the Main River. The water is really cold. Amy and Virginia eat a bratwurst with sauerkraut. They want some seasoning, and go get a packet of onion soup mix and pour it on. They share the bratwurst. (166 words)

#058 (01251996)

Armstrong Basketball Sucks
I'm at an Armstrong High School basketball game. Coach Shooter has an injured elbow. The team has a one game-winning streak. They are about to play Bible College, who is not very good. Chris Rodriguez is in. He is quick, but he misses all his shots. Two girls are in the game for Armstrong too. All the bleachers in the gym are not pulled out. It seems like the basketball program at Armstrong is falling apart. (79 words)

#059 (01251996)

New Steps out Front
I'm driving to Big City with my friend Tiny Combs, but it turns out that I'm actually driving to my house in Oak Valley with my friend Nate Nelling. The steps up to the front sidewalk are in a different place right in the middle of the stone wall. The old steps are there too. We talk about the planet Venus, though it isn't visible. Nate has a gift for me. We walk in and I say hi to my brother Wally. He tells me that I've been pinching a pimple on my back too hard. Wally's friends Brian Rappaport and Mryle Madden are there. One of them is on the phone. The three of them are going out. Then there is a hot tub with two couples in it. The couples are from the television show Friends. Two other girls join them in the tub, and the girls are forced out of the tub. (159 words)

#060 (01291996)

Sunken Treasure
I am in a quarry-like structure. It is filled with water that is cold and deep. There are rocks on all sides. I'm at the surface of the water. There is a treasure or something valuable or spectacular way down deep. One needs to scuba-dive to get to it. I'm not ready to go down. The rocks are slippery. If I let go I will sink quickly in the water. I need to get something before I go down. (81 words)

#061 (01301996)

Raining at Church
I am at a church on the east side of Wilmerton. I'm wearing my brown suit. It is raining. I have been here before, and it was raining then too. (33 words)

#062 (01301996)

Tower Party
I am at a party in a tower. The tower is leaning, and I hold on. My friend Stephen Ramos is there too, at the top with me. My classmate Carmen Allure is there, and she tries to touch me. I snub her don't touch her. (48 words)

#063 (01301996)

Yelling at Jens
I am yelling at my roommate Jens Nils. He takes the verbal beating. He has no defense to argue back. He is totally to blame. I chew him out. His girlfriend Natasha Lens is there. (38 words)

#064 (01311996)

Driving Over Roots
I'm with my dad and we're leaving to go somewhere. I start to tell him about a dream. He says I'm already really knowledgeable about them; that I know all about them. I'm riding a bike with my dad on the back. We're riding by Nantucket's Furniture or The Grease Pit. I see Olie Kecker, Patrick Bergman, and Bud Slick, all people I know from high school. I say hi. I'm riding over roots from trees that are sticking out of the ground. (86 words)

#065 (01311996)

Forks in the Mail
I'm checking my mail at Brimson but my mailbox is way at one end of the post office, which is different. I can't get into my mailbox. The door won't open. There is only a little space to reach my fingers in. In my box are some little name cards that people put in graduation announcements. There are also a bunch of forks in it. The names on the cards are from people from my high school that I graduated with.

I'm in a bathroom masturbating when my friends Stephen Ramos and Kevin Simpson walk in. I push the door closed. Stephen is laughing at me. (110 words)

#066 (01311996)

Norman and Hilary Eating Marshmallows
I am watching the fireworks over the Main River at the Wilmerton Hospital. My friends Norman Noman and Hilary are eating Lucky Charms. Norman is eating all of the marshmallows. (35 words)

#067 (01311996)

Shooting Red Lines
I'm in a war. On my side are people with guns. My classmates, Amy Leopard and Virginia Hamms are the voices of the people. There are red lines that we are trying to kill as they kill us. There are blue dots that we can shoot to give us extra energy and ammunition. Amy and Virginia say that they're not going to stop, they are bleeding blue blood. They say they can fight. I say no, I'm going (to do something, since I'm not bleeding). The lines move around a lot and are hard to hit. I start using bombs instead of guns. (106 words)

#068 (01311996)

Witch Controls Conflagration
There is a big building with a fire spreading through it. I am a firefighter, or I feel like one for a bit. The floor may fall out. I'm afraid of that. There is a woman that seems to be the key to the fire; may be able to control it. She may be a witch. The firemen eventually bomb the building, and the witch dies, even though she isn't in the building. I am flung away from the building on a rope-like thing and pulled back, all in the air, like a yo-yo. I'm in a graveyard climbing back over a fence to the building. After the building explodes and the witch dies, I take her body and show it to the people. It's in a body bag. I tell people she is from Gerald (University) and let them see her rotting face. (see sketches of dreamscape in notebook) (153 words)

#069 (02011996)

Changing the Lock on a Bank
I'm outside a bank. I'm trying to change the lock from the inside of the door to the outside. I'm using a screwdriver to turn in a screw, which goes almost all the way in. There is a window in the door and I see a man walk down the stairs in the bank. He is the bank manager. He comes out and catches me changing the lock. I have four things a screwdriver, a hammer, a deck of cards, and a vinyl envelope. He takes the hammer and the envelope. I tell him to give me the hammer. He say no, because I was using it to break in. I said I wasn't, but he doesn't believe me.

The bank is a hardware store. I tell the man it doesn't matter if he believes me or not because I wasn't using it. He gives it back to me. I tell him he's going to have a good dream because he gave it back to me, and then I sprint away. (177 words)

#070 (02011996)

Dunking Vodka
I'm in my high school at a gathering after a basketball game in the lunchroom. One of the basketball coaches named Vern Peck is there. I tell everyone to play basketball, and start running around simulating a game. There are too many people. The ball is a bottle of vodka. I do a give-n-go and dunk the bottle in a toilet. At first I try and the toilet lid is down, so I lift the lid and then dunk it. The bottle breaks. Vern Peck is mad at me for breaking it, and says I'm going to pay. Con Carson, my old high school basketball coach, tries to intervene but I tell him to stay out of it. I go to get my bag in the locker room but it's blocked and I realize I didn't really play in the game. I get a ride home from Nate Nelling. We walk out of the school, saying hi to Mr. Zates. There is a bunch of Armstrong Students there. I get eight points for my costume. (177 words)

#071 (02021996)

Cunnilingus Hurts Annie
I'm with Annie Thomas at my Grandma Redding's house. I go down to give her cunnilingus, and she yelps it hurts her. She pushes my head away and I stop. We're driving a boy to his home from the farm. I want to talk with Annie about why it hurts her, but the boy is there. When we drop him off, it feels like the town Redson. Then we drive and talk. She tells me that it hurts her when I give her cunnilingus, but she likes it and wants me to continue. I think that is kind of fucked up.

We are at my friend Kevin Simpson's house, which is different than I know it. We walk up stairs and into his living room. He got two or three new couches, and a big television. I flop down on a big, bed-like couch. I want to have sex with Annie. Kevin's mother will be home soon but I don't care. I just want to have sex. (170 words)

#072 (02031996)

Autofellatio 1
I'm in my old bedroom, which is now my sister Ramona's bedroom, upstairs, at home. There are a few people downstairs. I open the door to the little attic in her room, and turn the light on. I sit down and start giving myself fellatio. I scrunch up in a ball and my penis reaches my mouth. It doesn't feel nearly as good as when someone else has done this for me. I can't ejaculate; I can barely even maintain an erection. (84 words)

#073 (02041996)

Lucid Lamp on Fire
I go to turn my lamp on. There is a bunch of stuff cluttered around it. I turn the knob, and the power strip that is on my desk crackles. I turn the knob again and the strip bursts into flames. I run out the door, but I can't move fast. I want to get the fir extinguisher. I realize, somewhat, that I am dreaming. (69 words)

#074 (02051996)

Shooter Needs Sleep
I'm by Carter church with my friend Tiny Combs. My truck has been parked in a no-parking zone. I have a parking ticket. On the ticket it says that this is my first ticket for parking in a no-parking zone. I feel like I'm at Brimson. I move my truck by pushing it from the driver's side door. I scrape Tiny's car and another car as I move it. I back it up without starting the engine, and then push it forward to start the engine while it's moving.

I am on my bike, holding onto the handlebars. My feet are dangling off the back of the bike with my belly on the seat. I struggle and finally do pull myself up and sit on the seat. I see Jackson Shooter, my high school basketball coach, in his truck at the corner of Holy Ave and 1st St. I follow him on my bike. His truck turns into a little green buggy. He is speeding. I catch up to him on my bike. He is stopped on 2nd St. near Jeffereson School and I skid to a stop next to him. He is on a bike too. He says he's addicted to winning. His team beat Rival High School last night, he says. I pluck two big blood-sucking mosquitoes off my leg. Jackson says that he needs sleep. (231 words)

#075 (02051996)

Country Store Drive-In
I'm going to Country Store in my truck with my sister Ramona. They have drive-in service. I drive through the aisles. I am on my bike. I end up in the garage. I want to escape. I man sees me and won't open the door all the way; of if he does I can't leave. He says I'm breaking the law and he'll let me go if I pay him cash or from my conjugate credit card. I tell him, Suck my conjugate cock and speed off on my bike. He chases me, but I get away. (100 words)

#076 (02061996)

B in Biology
I see my mom at some sort of a game or concert. We're up in the seats or bleachers. I hug her and we talk a little. I tell her I got a B in Biology. But, I haven't taken any Biology at Brimson. The last time I took Biology was in 10th grade at Armstrong. I am struggling to remember where I took this class, and what exactly it was. All I know is that I got a B in it, which is low grade for me. (91 words)

#077 (02061996)

Squirrel-Catching Dogs
I'm in woods where there is a person that is showing me their dogs who catch squirrels. The dogs climb trees and jump from branch to branch and more. There are also some rope-devices that were pulleys that could pick people up and carry them to the top of trees. (52 words)

#078 (02081996)

Armstrong Graduation Relived
I'm going to attend some kind of Armstrong graduation. I forgot to call Mimi Escher to let her know I was coming. My friend Tina Totts calls me to get my roommate Jens Nils' phone number. I can't find the number. Then I remember that his number is my number too 696-7420. It's raining outside and I run to my neighbor, Alvin Broud's house for a Kleenex. (70 words)

#079 (02091996)

Beating a Man With a Hammer
I'm at home with my girlfriend Annie Thomas. It seems to be my house, but it may also be hers. We're alone. We hear something around the corner. I'm going to punch it, and Annie grabs a hammer. A shirtless man appears. Annie knows him. I don't. He has been living in her room. I take the hammer from her. He is trespassing. I break the television and beat the man with the hammer, putting holes in the walls in the process. The man is dazed. I follow him around and hit him. He retreats. Annie's father and sisters come home. I feel bad when they see the damage to their house. (118 words)

#080 (02091996)

Saving Molly From Drowning
I'm at Grandpa Redding's house, or a place that has the feeling of that house. I'm in a swimming pool with a bunch of other people. My classmate Molly Villareal is there. We are sort of playing a game in which one person goes under the water for a while. Molly goes under. People forget about her. I am swimming underwater, and I see her. She looks dead. I drag her to the surface. I yell for help. I say, I killed Molly. Molly starts breathing after she gets CPR. This is the second person's life I've saved today. Two of my friends died. Two babies were born. I can name one of the newborns. It's Molly's child. (122 words)

#081 (02091996)

Snake Fishing in River
I see a party at a doctor's house. Then the doctor is taking his two kids, one boy and one girl, fishing. They go to the Main River. The kids like to see their father catch little northern pike (snakes). He hooks a snake to his line and casts it out. It runs and he reels it in, showing it to his kids. I grab it and take the hook out. Then I take the little kiddie rod and put a daredevil on it and start casting into the river. On the 3rd cast or so I get a hit. But I am in the 2nd story of a house and the line is going out the window. Someone tells me on the end of the line is a little boy having anal sex with a little girl. (142 words)

#082 (02101996)

4 on 4 on 4 Basketball
I'm in a stadium playing a 4 on 4 on 4 basketball game. Each team takes turns going up and down the court. One of the teams gets a technical found and gets disqualified right away. One of my team members is somehow out. So it is my friends Hank Anderson, Norman Noman, and I against the other 4 guys. We play hard. I dominate almost every aspect of the game rebounding, shooting, passing, and dribbling. I am stronger than the others and use my strength and toughness to beat others.

Then I'm at an Armstrong girls Basketball game. My high school basketball teammates Olie Kecker, Nate Nelling, Simon Naver, and Binky Ahmed are there. My friend Robyn Masters is playing, and she ties up a player with the ball and should get a jump ball call, but the referee calls a foul somewhere else. The whole gym is quiet. I bellow out, Come on; look at the ball! The referee gives me a mean look. (172 words)

#083 (02111996)

Annie Starts Her Period
I'm with My girlfriend Annie at a truck-stop-like exit off the freeway. There is lady and her son there too. Annie tells me that she was sitting in her room last night and she started menstruating. I think that she always menstruates when we spend time together after a long time apart. We are talking about doing something that night. (64 words)

#084 (02111996)

Frog Catching
I'm driving my mom's station wagon with Ramona. It's dark out, and I'm out of control swerving and going on the shoulder of the road. I unbuckle my seat belt and sit kneeling on my legs. I steer by pressing keys on a piano. Both my hands are in C-position. If I press the G's I go to the right. If I press the C's I go to the left. I can't find home position and have to keep looking down at the keyboard, taking my eyes off the road. Ramona knows I'm out of control.

We're driving to the Metropolis to meet my dad. It's dark out and there are frogs on the road. They hop across as I drive. I stop the car and start catching frogs. We put them in the small green Duck Tales tackle box. I get five frogs and say to Ramona only five more then we'll go. It is morning then and I've pulled into a driveway. The sun is shining and we try to catch these huge frogs. We're really late going to the Metropolis. (185 words)

#085 (02121996)

Diaphragm in My Butt
I am at a doctor's office. I have a diaphragm (the kind used as a type of contraceptive) shoved up my butt. The doctor tells me to touch it with my finger. I say hell no! Eventually, I do touch it, and realize that it is really far up my butt. (55 words)

#086 (02121996)

House Burning Down
I am in my house and it is burning. I try to stop it from burning by spraying it with a squirt bottle. It isn't working. I change the spray from a stream to a mist, and it still doesn't help put out the fire. The fire seems to get worse. (54 words)

#087 (02121996)

Swimming at Prancy
I'm in a swimming pool at a college; I think Prancy College, which is an all women-school that my girlfriend goes to. There are a bunch of women there. They are swimming laps. One woman tries to touch another, but the aggressor sinks to the bottom of the pool. (52 words)

#088 (02131996)

Hank Anderson Wets the Bed
I'm in a bed at Grandpa and Grandma Redding's house. My friend Hank Anderson is there and he sits on the bed and starts urinating. He's like a little kid. I quickly get up and usher him to the bathroom. I'm in the kitchen with my friend Nat Miller. A van turns into the driveway. It's threatening. We go over near the washer and dryer to look out the window above them. I say something about the van breaking the quiescence. I go onto the porch and grab a crowbar to hit the strangers if they come in. (103 words)

#089 (02141996)

Bad Hair Talk Show
There is a talk show with a bunch of women on the stage. There is one woman with really bad, big, poofy hair, criticizing the other women. There is a woman with a ferret growing out of her head. She is petting it. It was an erection, but it was a ferret. (56 words)

#090 (02141996)

Camping for 10
I'm going on a camping trip which is going to last 10 days. There will be 10 people on the trip. It is the night before we leave and I am up late (1000pm) and haven't packed. Matt Yams, Gino Teavor, Rita, and Kari Otis, who are all grade school classmates, are going on the trip. I wonder if it will be cold. I get a pair of hiking boots and sweat pants, and a sleeping bag. I eat a lot of food before leaving, including noodles and fish. (92 words)

#091 (02201996)

Autofellatio 2
I'm at home in my old bedroom. I'm trying to ejaculate my flexing my penis. Eventually I ejaculate on a blue towel. The tip of my penis is covered with semen, and is close to my head. I give myself fellatio. The semen tastes weird. I don't do this for very long. It doesn't feel particularly good. (59 words)

#092 (02201996)

Black Sheep
I am at a moving theatre watching the movie Black Sheep. Niles and Tim Zelling are there, and we seem to be in some sort of a track meeting. We are going to play basketball after the movie. My mom, my brother Wally, and sister Ramona are there. They might leave, but decide not to. There is a woman with very large breasts there. Wally doesn't like her. There are lots of strange men around, who look cool. I know a few of them. One is a really tall man. Everyone is smoking marijuana. This movie theatre is really weird.

I go out to buy food and tickets. I put a laundry token in a water faucet to get water smelling like marijuana. I put the water in my backpack, and then use a glass that is in my pack to scoop out some of the water, which smells like marijuana.

The faucet won't shut off. I turn a soap-like knob, which doesn't work. Finally I get the water off. A fat man with a Local Casino t-shirt gives me a bunch of free movie tickets. He says the other night he won the most he's ever won there. I go back and the theatre is a television. The seats are couches. Kristy Puffy, Kevin Simpson, and Hannah Reed, who are friends from high school, are there. I got my marijuana (water) but don't know how to smoke it, and can't find a place to sit and spend a lot of time getting it set up. The movie is dumb. (262 words)

#093 (02221996)

Moving to Cheyenne
I'm at home. My parents, and my siblings are there. We are packing to move to Cheyenne, South Dakota. The town has about 2,500 people. It's a six-hour drive. I do not want to go. I put a fishing rod in the car. There are two station wagons. One of them is the old yellow station wagon that the family used when I was a child. My dad may have a beard, like when he was younger. We are moving because my dad got a new job. He starts tomorrow. The ride is going to be hell, I know, with all of us riding in the same car. I am really mad! I want to yell and scream and protest. Why The Fuck Are We Moving!!! (129 words)

#094 (02231996)

$10,000 on Q-Bert
I'm at a gas station filling up my truck with gas. I don't have any money to pay, so I go home and get some, riding my old red Huffy bike back to the gas station. I pay for the gas and get a scratch lottery ticket with the extra dollar. It doesn't win. I get five more. None are winners. I get another, and it's a Q-Bert scratch ticket. I get five white Q-Berts with black glasses on and win $10,000. I wonder if that is my big winning. I think not, I am going to win more sometime. When I get out of the gas station, my truck is gone. The trailer part of the truck is by Curtis' house in Oak Valley. I have a man go get it, driving the cab of a semi. (141 words)

#095 (02251996)

Confirmation Sponsor
I'm going into Carter School. I've got a key. I put it into a box outside the school. There is a light switch and I turn on the lights inside. I know I was always a little scared walking in dark school hallways. I'm a sponsor for someone getting confirmed. My friend Niles Zelling is there. A girl I recognize to be Carrie Jones, from high school, is there. (71 words)

#096 (02271996)

Free Money
I am next to a building that I later recognize to be Mason, the Brimson college cafeteria. There is a kid there on rollerblades. I go over by a car. I find a ten-dollar bill. It is counterfeit. One side of the bill isn't printed. Then I find more bills, including 20's, 5's, and 1's, and I check the bottom sides to make sure they're real. The guys around me start scrambling to pick up the other bills. I shove a bunch in my pocket. One of the guys takes a $20 bill out of my pocket. I catch him and take it back. There are a few little kids trying to take photographs of me as I leave, as if I have done something wrong. I go into Carter School and a kid follows me in. I am careful not to let him get a photograph of my face. I go up the south stairs in the school. Teachers are there, some of whom I recognize. Finally I let the kid take my photograph, but I make himher promise something before taking it. (186 words)

#097 (03021996)

High School Sports Reunion
I'm at a gathering in a gymnasium. High school sports are being played. Basketball is played presently. My friend Gino Teavor is there, and is as intense as usual. I wonder if, and kind of wish, that I could beat everyone at basketball. Football is next. It is disorganized. There are some guys there from high school, including Simon Naver. We talk about college. I am making my way out of the gymnasium. Melanie McDyss, a friend from college, comes up and kisses me! I say, Melanie, what are you doing! Then I realize that she's been drinking. She giggles and wanders off with a friend.

I am being dragged, and am also dragging a person, towards the exit. I see my mom. I'm embarrassed to be seen playing with two girls, but I go up to her and tell her that I'm leaving. It is icy outside. My sister Ramona just got her drivers permit, and I might let her drive, but there is something wrong with the car it's locked. I unlock it. It's running. We need to back it out but it is too icy, so I have one of Ramona's friends push. Her friend is then in the driver's seat pushing back on the seat. I am in the back seat at the steering wheel. We start backing out. I yell at her to stop pushing. She doesn't, and I yell again. We are going to hit a car. I yell and finally she hears me. The car slides sideway and bumps a little red car, leaving a dent. There is a new blue truck there too, and I probably dented it, but I'm not taking responsibility for that; just for the red car. I find a police officer and tell him that I hit a car. He asks me if I admit it was my fault. I say yes. He tells me my insurance or I have to pay full damages. We are parked in a parking ramp, and I send someone to up to get my mom. People are eating this horrible-looking green pizza form Pizza Hut. There is a girl there that looks a lot like Nellie Hammer, and woman that sat in front of me in a geography class at Brimson. She is drunk and she hits on me. I get away from her she is ugly. I am really mad about this whole situation. I'm walking up stairs to the gym to get my mom, and I wonder Is this real Am I really here Is this happening I awaken. (433 words)

#098 (03021996)

Spreading Eggs
There are four bicycles outside of Mason Cafeteria on a trailer-type apparatus. They need to be moved. I keep walking to Franklin Hall, my dormitory. My friend Stephen Ramos and three other guys get the bikes. Tony Ramada takes one. He rides it and then does a ghost-rider, letting it crash into a semi-truck. The semi drives over it and it remains unscathed.

I'm with Yvette Ullman. There is a bunch of us in a suburban-like vehicle. We're driving on Highway Q in Wilmerton, going south by the Holiday Inn. In the field on our right there is a truck of some sort driving over rough, snowy terrain. I say wow; it would be great to own one of those vehicles! Then I could drive it all over! I write the name of that truck out of the dust on the rear side window of the suburban.

Yvette has a bunch of eggs. At first I think they are caviar, but then I think they are human eggs! We are going to spread the eggs over some land. A person can eat the eggs, but one has to cook them 20 minutes. We go to a house, which is like Major Hall, another college dormitory. I am carrying Yvette's bike up the stairs on the 3rd floor. We get to the third floor. Kari Otis, a friend from grade school and high school, has a room there. I say hi to her. I steal a red jellybean from her. I guess it is Easter time.

I am going down the stairs, sliding on my stomach on a pillow. The stairs descend, then turn 180, then descend, then turn, etc. At the first level down I find a Penthouse magazine. I want to take it. I'm about to shove it down my pants, when a girl looks up the stairs and sees me. I toss it aside, saying that I'm just joking. I go down another flight of stairs. Again there is a Penthouse. I want to take it, but there are people around. I go down a third flight, and find a third Penthouse. I don't get to take the Magazine. Brownie Bruny, a person I know from grade school that was a year older than I, is there at the bottom of the stairs. I have never liked her. There is a room there with a party atmosphere. People are dressed up. Brownie is wearing a wig and is as snobby as ever. My friend Simon Naver is lying on the floor. I can tell it's him by his pants. They are all leather and look like the leather jacket he has. I go over to him, he gets up, and we shake hands. We're happy to see each other. We shake hands again. I almost hug him but feel that would be inappropriate. (477 words)

#099 (03031996)

Greeting Knife Family
I am going east on 1st St. to Carter school to open gym to see when I work. There are two breaks in the curb, where bicycles ride up and down. (In real life, there is only one break.) I go in the door, and see that Bronwen Knife and family have the gym. She says, Hey, athlete! I am surprised, since our interactions have never been particularly friendly, but say hi. I tell her I just have to see when I work. We walk in the lunchroom. Mr. Knife is there. He is speaking at a conference in the near future at Brimson. He pulls out a piece of paper with my name on it and the words Honor Society. I recognize it from when I was the Honor Society President in high school. He's going to use it in his presentation. I tell them I'm just gong to call Mrs. Bevner to see when I work. Then I see Mrs. Bevner and ask her. She is socially cold, as usual. Mrs. Minikel, my third grade teacher, is there. I had a crush on her when I was younger. Mrs. Bevner sends her niece with me up to her office to see when I work. Her office is very neat. There is a huge catalog; a directory, on her desk, of all the topics that she needs to deal with. He niece pulls out a slip of paper and shows it to me. I don't work at all, but I already knew this. I have known it all along. It is as if finding out my work schedule was an excuse to be back at the school. We walk down the stairs. Someone farts. It sounds like it was me, but I know it wasn't. (299 words)

#100 (03031996)

Killing a Horse
I have a machine gun. The sights on the gun are uneven, so that if I try to aim the way one usually does, I shoot high. I have to point the gun somewhat downward to shoot straight. I am shooting different object, including cars. Then I drop then gun down and shoot from the hip. I shoot a horse, many times, blowing it away. A girl is with me. (See sketches in notebook) (77 words)

#101 (03041996)

Charles Chasing Police
There is a young man in the military. He is a specialist who does something with cows. He gets fined $130 a month for something he did. Two officers with nightsticks chase him. They beat him. Later, he is chased again. This time he is chased down Hill Avenue towards 3rd Street in Oak Valley, which is one street over from where my home is. The man is then Charles from my Geography class. He gets the cop's nightsticks somehow. He is chasing them. One officer lags behind, and Charles goes after the officer in the lead. He chases the officer into the garage of my neighbor, Alvin Broud. There is white powder all around. If the powder gets suckedvacuumed up, that will be detrimental to Charles, so he breaks all the lights above his head. While breaking them, most of the powder gets sucked up. The officer gets away. Charles walks into the Broud's house like nothing happened cool and collected. (165 words)

#102 (03051996)

Apple Juice Jugs
Someone is paying $5.00 per pound for one-gallon plastic jugs that had apple juice in them. (19 words)

#103 (03051996)

Fighting Asian Men
There are two short Asian men tat have gotten drunk in a house, and they each have a woman with them. They are kicking and fighting imaginary people. There is a protector man. He beats up the drunken men. One of the drunken men urinates on the floor. The parents of the two drunken men are in bed in the house. (64 words)

#104 (03061996)

My Dad Gets Stopped
I'm with my dad in a car he is driving. We turn from Friends Avenue in Wilmerton onto Main Street going west. There is a police car across from us. My dad went through a red light. The police car lights come on. My dad pulls over, then drives farther, and finally pulls over by Farm Store. The police officer is female. She asks my dad for license and registration. I open the glove compartment. It is cluttered with five or six ice scrapers, lots of little notebooks, and a bag of small oval insurance cars, less than a couple inches long. The cards are gold colored and have names written on them.

The officer is riding in the back of our car. We are near my home in Oak Valley. We pull over. I get out and start looking at all the little insurance cards. I tell my dad he is not taking any of this seriously; his attitude is Oh, well... My friend Nate Nelling pulls up in front of my dad's car. He and his girlfriend Emily Zates were going to stop by about 830 that night. My friend Stephen Ramos is at my house, but I have to ride with the officer and my dad back to Farm Store so she can get her car. We start off down Home Avenue, where there is a stop sign halfway down the big hill. My dad goes through it, without stopping, slowing only a little bit. I scold him, telling him his easygoing attitude and laid-back ways get him into trouble. (267 words)

#105 (03071996)

Annie Meows
I'm with my girlfriend Annie Thomas in a room with other people. I'm kissing her, touching her, and putting my fingers in her vagina. She is moaning, but I can't tell if it's pleasure or pain, so I ask her. She says its pleasure. Then she starts to meow. Her vagina is really tight. There are people around, but I am not really conscious of them. We continue to kiss, and I suckle her breasts. Someone asks her what time it is. We were going to have sex or I was going to give her cunnilingus, I'm not sure which one she was either going to sit on my penis or on my mouth. She tells them the time and grabs a blanket to cover us. We lay down, smiling at each other, knowing other people know what we are doing, but it's not a big deal. (149 words)

#106 (03071996)

Circle of Fighters
There are a bunch of warrior-type fighters in a circle. A chief or leader-type person is directing the fights. There is a young fighter who is really tough, who knows his stuff. The chief puts him up against a big, tough, thug-like opponent right away. There is also a scrawny guy who is sore all over. I think he may have bad knees. He goes up against the young tough guy too. The chief has a long stick with a clear gem attached to the end. It looks like a diamond, but I think it is too big to be a diamond. The fighters have smaller sticks with gems. One fighter uses bubbles to protect himself from the blows of his opponent's stick. There are also dice-like elevator structures that fling opponents really high and make them drop really fast. (143 words)

#107 (03071996)

Dream Discussion with My Dad
I am talking with my dad about my dream in which he and I are by Farm Store, which I had recently. We talk about my sister Heather, her dreams, and her knowledge of her dreams and herself. My dad is trying to point out to me the good in Heather, so that I may recognize and appreciate it. (64 words)

#108 (03071996)

Snowballs Over Grand
The Brimson College tradition of a snowball fight over High Avenue is ensuing. My roommate Jens Nils is there, as is Nellie Hammer, from my economics class. I toss a crusty snowball and it lands in the road, harmless. I feel dumb because I missed the actual game. There is a line of people by Billings Hall, one of the dormitories. They are going to run towards High Avenue and fling snow. They do. There is a car accident or two, with some damage. Everyone runs. I run to the Franklin Hall door, my dormitory. I feel guilty. (101 words)

#109 (03081996)

Body Shop Bar
I'm at the Body Shop gymnasium. They have some bench press benches with bent bars, with a couple of right angles in the bar. There is almost no room for one's head between the bar and the bench. I squeeze under a bar and do a few repetitions of bench press. It is really hard. (See notebook for sketches.) (62 words)

#110 (03081996)

Ice Fishing At Mud Lake
I am going ice fishing at Mud Lake. It is springtime. My friend and I don't know how thick the ice is. We have a long thin metal pole to test it out. We are using my friend Bubba Hacker's auger. Bubba's truck is there, and the auger is in the back, along with a blue sled. There are two other guys going out on the lake to fish. (74 words)

#111 (03091996)

Teaching Shanghai
I am teaching Niles Zelling and Scott Petter how to play Montana Shanghai. There are others there, but they have played before. There is an Ace face up. Niles has three Aces' and four 6's in his hand. We talk about the direction of play whether to play clockwise or counterclockwise. (53 words)

#112 (03101996)

Working At Grocery Getto
I'm working at Grocery Getto again. Inventory is being taken upstairs by the office. I'm sorting baseball cards, soap, and gum. My sunglasses are on a shelf in the manager's office. I'm cleaning the break room. There is a woman who may be my friend Persia Miko's roommate, Amie. Another girl comes in, angry that her cheese and crackers aren't there. She asks if I know where they are. I say no. I'm wiping tables. A kid comes up and wants me to work for him while he goes on break. I already am. Another kid tells me to get to work. I stand on a chair and get my sunglasses off the top shelf. The Manager and assistant manager come in as I am going out. They look busy. I don't have a hat or mittens. The cart room is empty.

I am pushing in a load of carts to the old entrance to Red Owl when I see my dad. He walks with me for a while, and tells me there is a $1,000 maximum damage deposit. A man asks me about a movie. I tell him to go ask the video department. Jim Burnett (the name, but Jim Burett, the person I know) asks me, Is there a g'new wall here (i.e., as in Gary G'news from Sesame Street I tell him there's not. Dana Schliecher rides by on his bike as I am turning a load of carts in. They are very hard to turn. I go over to the JC Penny lot to get carts. My dad goes too. I shouldn't go this far for carts because it is busy and there are no carts in the room. The JC Penny is across from the old Red Owl, not Grocery Getto. (300 words)

#113 (03141996)

Pie Shoppe
I'm going on a trip with my dad and my siblings. We're going to a pie shoppe in a small town in west central Montana. We get there, and there is a weight room in the rear of this shoppe. I want to do the bench press. I ask a girl if I can join her doing the bench press because no benches are free. She reluctantly says okay. I put on a 45-pound plate on each side. There already is a 5 and 2.5 pound weight on each side. The plates have lavender writing on them. I bench press this weight twice, stopping to rest my arms both times. It's hard to lift. It shouldn't be hard; I can lift this weight 15 or 20 times. My basketball teammate Shawn Salzburg is there and I ask him if he's going to lift hard. There is a guy there who lifts hard and has big muscles but doesn't say much. I like, and respect him. (167 words)

#114 (03141996)

Yolanda Ginsburg
I'm sitting really close to Yolanda Ginsburg, a woman I went to college with and also the roommate of a woman I dated. Our bodies are touching. She says, I guess I will get going. I say okay. (40 words)

#115 (03141996)

Tennis With Lunch Lady
I am being chauffeured up to a tennis court. I am going to play doubles tennis with Nat Miller. We're playing against the lunch lady. She says, What are you having (35 words)

#116 (03141996)

Too Old For Basketball
I see Ryan Vaurnet at a basketball league. I say hi to him, and he asks me where I am playing basketball. I tell him the name of the league ____ ( which I forget). It is a high school league. I know I am too old to play basketball in this setting. (57 words)

#117 (03151996)

Hard Core Sex
I'm in a dark room with a black woman, who is somehow My friend Melanie McDyss. She says to me, I take my sex seriously. She is hard-core about sex, and wants me to have hard sexual intercourse with her for a long time. I have trouble getting an erection. I grab her and push her on her back, lifting her legs up. I give her cunnilingus. Immediately she says, Whoa! This is because I licked her clitoris right away without stimulating her anywhere else first.

She wants to have sex but I tell her, I don't even have a condom. She gets a plastic bag for me to put over my penis. She is hard-core! She's wearing black negligee.

We are in the hallway upstairs at home, but the hallway is bigger. I see into my sister Heather's room, but that room is my sister Ramona's. Ramona is having some people sleep over. I look through the crack in the door and see Ramona and her friends going to bed. Ramona is naked. She sees me and so I do a funny wave at her.

I give the woman I am with cunnilingus. Her clitoris is big and purple. (203 words)

#118 (03151996)

Mall Rollerblading
I'm with my friends Tom Napper, Nat Miller, and Nate Nelling. We drive to a mall-like complex. Tom, Nat, and I go in. We rollerblade through the mall, going past a concession stand, and out another door. Tom tells us about an attractive girl. We're outside in a long and narrow parking lot which seems to be the one alongside the mall in Cancun. Cars are sparsely parked in it. I look for the car I drove, which is a small brownish-silver car. I can't find it. Then I realize I drove my mom's car, which is there. I turn the radio on. Def Leopard is playing. We are tossing Frisbees around and one of the speakers in the car gets blown out. One of the Frisbees has the Happy Chef logo on it. This Frisbee is my dad's his name, Elliot, is also written on it. (149 words)

#119 (03151996)

Meeting Tina Totts
I am at the Asian restaurant down town Wilmerton. It is huge. They have huge bar stools with backs made of leather. I'm waiting for Tina Totts, a friend from high school, who is meeting me. She is coming back from Big City, where she goes to school.

My sister Ramona and her friend Peggy Flowers come in. They are going to a movie across the street. They ask me about getting a ride home. My classmate Kelsey Bobber, the three Peppercorn sisters from Brimson, and my friend Gino Teavor walk by me. Gino is drunk, talking about driving in cold weather. At first I wondered if they would let me sit at the bar. Maybe my facial hair would make me look older. (127 words)

#120 (03161996)

Beating Evil Baby
I'm with my girlfriend Annie Thomas, and friends Emily Zates, and Nate Nelling in my living room. I'm on the loveseat with Annie while Emily and Nate are on the floor. I'm sucking Annie's breasts and she's moaning loudly. She wants me to take off her pants, and she unbuttons them and pulls them down a little bit. I point to Emily and Nate and say to Annie, What about them I don't really want to give Annie cunnilingus in front of them. I point upstairs and mouth the word upstairs.

We go up into my old room. Annie sits on a bed, which is up against the slanted wall. There is a ladder there. She asks me if I still want to see her when we go away. I tell her, I don't not want to see you. She starts crying. I try to explain to her my thoughts about our different lives at college. There is music playing in the room. It is cheesy music from a pirate ship or a pirate ship movie. There is a looking glass in the floor, like those that would be on the bottom of a ship so one can look through the bottom. I walk around the ladder as I try to explain my feelings to Annie. I lean on it, and kind of hide behind it, but want to maintain eye contact with her. There is a rope-like electrical cord going across the floor.

Annie asks me to play some good music because the music we're listening to is crappy. I say I will, and apologize for not doing it sooner. I walk into my sister Ramona's bedroom and get a tape. There is a baby playing there that is a year or two old. It is all alone, and I think it's strange that no one is there to take care of it. I'm pretty sure it's not a child of one of my sister's or my mom. I grab a tape and start to walk out. I stop and look at the child, who has a cord or rope in both hands, like a ribbon. It makes an evil face at me, and I realize it's not a real baby. It is a sort of evil-something. I can see the evil in its eyes. I grab it by the arm and smash it against the wall repeatedly. I yell for Annie. She comes in, and upon seeing the child says, Oh, my God. (418 words)

#121 (03161996)

Orange Teeth
I'm brushing my teeth with an orange highlighter pen and baking soda. There are orange streaks left on my front teeth. (23 words)

#122 (03181996)

Elk Hunting with Stephen
I'm with Stephen Ramos and a few other people. We have big guns, and are hunting Elk or big deer. We see one run. We're in a building. Everyone takes a few shots at it. Stephen has a muzzleloader and can't reload quickly. Someone corners the deer and kills it.

Robyn Masters, Dolly Storms, and another woman are there in swimsuits. They are tan after getting back from Cancun. We pass them going up stairs. There is man who is a killer. We are going after him before he kills more. (95 words)

#123 (03181996)

Funky Thrusting
I'm with my girlfriend Annie Thomas. We're having sex. I do some funky type of thrusting with my pelvis. She must like it, because she is moaning and shuddering. (31 words)

#124 (03181996)

Roof of Franklin with Annie
I'm with my girlfriend Annie and we're going up to the roof of Franklin Hall dormitory, above the 5th floor. We are in high school. We're going to make out and have fun. We get up to the 5th floor. Down the hall I see the guy from Franklin's fourth floor that gambles a lot. He is talking to someone. We quickly go into the room where the door to the roof is. Annie is working on Physical Geoglophy (spelled this way). She is doing page SAAA in her book. There is a map of the USA in it.

I get onto the bunk bed and look at the place where I have to go up. We have to remove a panel in the ceiling to get to the small ladder and door to the roof. We stand on a chair and climb up. There is no lock on the door. I push the door open and stick my head up. To my surprise, there are kids all around. It is their recess time. They are listening to a man talk. The man can't see my head because there is an enclosure around me open only on one side. The kids shift their attention from the man to me. I flee down the ladder, out the door, and down the stairs. There are plastic eggs on each level as I go down. I pick up a few as I go. Whitey Tub, the vice-principle at my high school who once suspended me, is chasing me. He catches up with me or meets me near the ground. He accuses me of going on the roof, and I deny it. I tell him I was just walking down the stairs. I'm holding the eggs. Annie is with me. (301 words)

#125 (03181996)

Shopping with Stephen Ramos
I'm with my friend Estban Ramos. We're grocery shopping. We're trying to decide what to buy. I tell him to get a couple blocks of cheese, but I'm not sure he'll get it right. We are also buying meat sausage. I think I may put the bacon back, and maybe the sausage too. I think I'll have to get a gallon of milk. The store is like Hornbackers in Big City where I went shopping with my friend Nate Nelling. We meet man and a younger woman. They start talking with us, throwing in bits of German in the conversation. I know a few words. I know to hop-hupfen. (113 words)

#126 (03181996)

Standard Deviation
I'm with Niles Zelling. We're playing a game that is like Stratego. My classmate Dolly Storms calls to ask me a question about homework. I remember I have calculus to do, which is due tomorrow. I tell her I have to go. There are a few problems I need to do about standard deviation and stuff. I don't do them. (62 words)

#127 (03191996)

Donuts at Mason
I'm at the Mason Cafeteria eating lunch. My friends Bubba Hacker, Stephen Ramos, and Kevin Simpson are there and I'm waiting for them to finish eating. I drop my tray off on the south side of the cafeteria. There is a bag for plastic forks, but I drop a metal fork into it. In the east dining room there is a dessert area. A lady is giving people a choice of 4 dessert donuts. I want more than one and am having a tough time deciding what to get. I grab a bunch and walk off with my hands full. Back at the table they are goofing around. I do a fake fight with Kevin, and kick him in the groin. He farts on me. We all laugh. There is a guy there with a sack over his shoulder. (142 words)

#128 (03191996)

Tornado Forming
I can see how air moves from high pressure to low pressure. I see how a tornado forms. Air falls, rises, and swirls. I see the funnel clouds. (30 words)

#129 (03201996)

Blue Van Wearing My Milton Hat
I'm at a party in Buckingham and I think there may be a few people with me. On the porch I see a kid form Middleton College named Joe that I met on case day. He is sitting with another guy. There are some people in the house, but they are leaving pretty soon. The party clears out, and I see a guy with a brown and yellow Milton hat on. I want to go get my hat, which is exactly the same. Or, is this my hat They guy gets in a blue van. Down the road, I see the van is wearing my hat! I want my hat back! (117 words)

#130 (03201996)

Rocks with Bombs By Fox
I'm in woods. There is a fox there that has a bow and arrow. He shoots his arrows into trees. He shoots the arrows where the tree forks into branches. He'll fire three or four arrows and then the tree will crack and fall, splitting where the arrows were lodged. I wonder how he can do this. Then the fox shows me. Actually, he has rocks with bombs inside. He has strings tied onto the rocks. He'll throw the rocks and they'll hit or get lodged in a tree, and then the bomb will explode, splitting the tree apart. (104 words)

#131 (03201996)

Breaking Windows of a Chinese Restaurant
I am by the Chinese Restaurant where the McDonalds used to be in Oak Valley. I'm behind the restaurant with another person, near the driveway of the light green house with the dogs that I used to deliver papers to. I have a rope with a big rock tied to the end. I am throwing the rock at windows that are high up on the restaurant. I break some windows, but can't get the rock up to the big window I want to. The string gets wrapped around the middle pane in a window. I pull it and it unwraps. We've been there a while, and I'm worried we might get caught. A man, his wife, and their daughter come around the building. They are the owners. I run, going through the back yard of the house with the dogs. I'm about to go over the fence, but the little girl catches me and I stay. I could run, since the girl is only about 3 years old, but I don't. The wife comes and throws a fit of anger, screaming and jumping up and down. I think she is going to kick me. I could beat her and run, but I stay. I yell at her, asking how much she wants me to pay for the windows. I think I have enough. I ask her, How many Yen She doesn't answer. Her husband comes. I try to get out of trouble by paying them for the damage. I don't think it works. (259 words)

#132 (03201996)

Stephen and I Win $28,000
I'm in a room with Stephen Ramos. We're playing a slot machine and it's on a television, like a Nintendo is hooked up or something. We win a little bit, and Jake goes out of the room. I spin again. All the spaces are filled up with red and blue X's. The machine starts making payout noises. I win a lot of coins. The total is $28,000. We also have the $1,000 that Stephen and I won earlier. Stephen comes back, and so does another woman. I tell them nonchalantly that we won $28,000. It's no big deal for me. (105 words)

#133 (03201996)

Giving Away My Nickels
I get the feeling that I'm at the intersection where the Sinclair Gas Station is, exiting the Uptown Mall in Oak Grove. I'm waiting at the stoplights, going out of the lot. I'm in a car with some people I don't know. We're going to the casino. We get there. My friend Stephen Ramos is playing on a slot machine. One kid gets a full screen of Red and a few symbols. He wins 400 quarters. Another lady wins some nickels. I have a bucket of nickels and some cash. I give the people I'm with my nickels, and don't spend any cash. (107 words)

#134 (03201996)

Couple Contest
I'm with a bunch of people at a place that seems like the Veterans Administration building in Wilmerton. Among the people are my friends from high school Nate Nelling, Emily Zates, Wynette Black, Jerome Michaels, and Sam Kingsley. There is some sort of a contest or game going on. It involves couples. There is a movie theatre-like board on which couples' names are posted. Two couples play against each other at a time. I think I'm with my girlfriend Annie. It's getting down to the end there are only 6 couples left. When the names are put up on the screen, the couples go around the side of the theatre into a shower-like area. I'm sitting at a table with a bunch of people. Jerome is talking technology. Sam is talking about something similar to that. The names of people that are in the contest are nicknames; comical. They might be dancing or singingperforming in the contest. (159 words)

#135 (03201996)

Ramona is Bundled Up
I'm outside at the Uptown Mall. My sister Ramona is there. She is all bundled up in snow pants, a huge jacket, mittens, etc. They are all too big for her. She is wearing my Milton hat. I think to myself Didn't I give that to Nicole Peterson ( I actually did in real life.) My friend Marge Drummond is there and she comments on Ramona's big, warm clothes. (73 words)

#136 (03211996)

I'm Fake Crying
I'm with my girlfriend Annie Thomas on the top bunk of a set of bunk beds. We're wearing very little clothing. She hugs me, and I hug her. She starts to cry. For some reason, I start to cry too. But I am faking the crying. I'm not really sad. I slip off the bunk bed in my fake despair and go out the door, and down the hall. (72 words)

#137 (03211996)

A Drink With Tamara Thomas
I'm in a big house with my girlfriend's mother, Tamara Thomas, and another woman who is older. I'm taking a table and small rug downstairs. I get the feeling that someone has just died. I know that dead person isn't on the side of the family that Tamara, I, and the old woman are there for. Tamara asks us if we want to have a drink of pop or juice or something, to talk. I want to and say yes. I bring the table and rug downstairs and put them away. I try to open the door, but it is the wrong one. Tamara tells me, The one straight ahead. I had tried to open the door on the right. She stopped and corrected me. I put the stuff down. ON the walls there are clues. The clues are on small white cards. There are a few words on each card describing something. One can win a dead turkey, an alive dog, or 70 chicken strips as some of the prizes. One of my sister's friends from grade school Jaime, is doing well getting the clues. I am not. (194 words)

#138 (03221996)

War Games in a Building
I'm in a light blue van with a few other guys and we're heading into an underground parking ramp. Two men try to get us to stop. We slow, but don't stop, turning and going down to a lower level. When the men are out of sight we jump out of the van , leaving it and run to the stairs. We try to loose the men following us by going up stairs, then over, then up, then over, etc. I think we lose the men. I'm in a very big building, looking for someone or something to start me off. I go outside, nothing is there that I need or want. I go back in, and on the way in I see a girl who tells me that her friend Jaime likes me. I remember Jaime from last year. I have no clue what to do next. I go in and am in a stairwell. My roommate Jens Nils and his girlfriend Natasha Lens are there. I try to see up on this secret shelf on the stairway. I don't think anything is there. I am with some other people who are lost. WE find a map. Walking up to it, I see a man on the telephone giving mouth-to-mouth to another man. I quickly look away, thinking that one must have killed the other. It is pointed out to me that I am in the Delaware or Syracuse section of the building on the map.

I am in a game, then. I have two straightened clothes hanger-like objects and a small ball, like a superb all. These are my weapons. We're upstairs in the building. Natasha and her friend are on my team for now; we can work together. There are enemies down the hall that go by. They are trooper-like and are wearing bright orange and black, and have rollerblades on. We need to get the keys. Some men are following us. A soldier that looks like Natasha runs towards us. I fun out, push her aside, and twist her head, breaking her neck. Then I yell for Natasha and her friend to come on. I run down the hall, grabbing an orange squirt gun on the way, and we clear an area. The area is like a library. We find both halves to a blue key, and they we are going to proceed upstairs. (403 words)

#139 (03231996)

Van Trip To Iowa
I'm with a group of people in a large van-like vehicle. We're going to somewhere in Iowa, and there is confusion about directions. My friends Emily Zates, Esther Thurman, and Tina Totts are there. They tell me I messed Valentines Day, which was March 17th. I laugh and say, Oh, well. A lot of people decide to do some sit-ups. I do crunches. My junior high classmates Erin Jacobs and Kari Johnson are there. They talk about how they don't really talk to each other anymore. My friend Tom Napper's pull-up bar is there. (98 words)

#140 (03241996)

Mr. Zates Doing Triceps
I'm in the Brimson College weight room. My friend's father, Dick Zates, who looks like the man in the Encyclopedia Of Bodybuilding, is there. He is working out his triceps. I'm doing preacher curls in a funny way, changing repetitions and weight, doing one arm curls. My friend from high school Tina Totts is there and she has a baby. Another high school Classmate Adam Clinger (70 words)

#141 (03241996)

Homeroom In College
I go into a classroom. It reminds me of my 5th grade classroom at Carter School. My desk is in the front left corner of the room. There is an old turkey sandwich wrapped in napkins in it. It is like homeroom in high school, but it is college. My friend from college Yvette Ullman is there sitting next to me, and we talk. (67 words)

#142 (03251996)

The Lead-Follow Dream
I'm in a group of people, including Blinky Ahmed, Gino Teavor, Mike Brimms, Melissa Cod, and Sarah Person, all of whom I know from high school. The older people are getting the younger ones to sign up for some sort of recycling drive. We are in or around Carter School. There are Asian, black, and white people. We're sitting in a circle or a triangle. It is organized, a group effort. A deep voice, which may be my neighbor Mr. Dinks , is singing. The words include, You've got to...beg...follow...through the night. (95 words)

#143 (03251996)

Three Watches
I find my old pocket watch on my girlfriend Annie's necklace. I have my new watch, the old one, and part of a broken one. I find the lost watch in a pocket of my green jacket. (39 words)

#144 (03261996)

Armstrong-Rival War
I'm in a hotel with basketball players from the Armstrong and Rocker high school. We are having a basketball war, Armstrong and Rival High Schools. My friend Kevin is the lead man. If you don't follow directions, you can't fight. A kid says hi to me. His name is Nate, and I know him as a basketball player from another team. I go into the bathroom. The college basketball coach at Brimson, Yar Glenn, is urinating. Another kid is defecating. (82 words)

#145 (03261996)

Supernova Apocalypse
I'm in the kitchen at home with my mom, and my sisters Heather and Ramona. We are going to buy a hot tub. I'm scrubbing the floor, which is covered with mud. I'm wiping it up with a washcloth, and ask Heather to rinse the washcloth out. My mom is trying to figure out the finances for the hot tub. She has to make a $300 down payment, and later she is getting a $700 payment for something she is selling. Heather is really mad and ornery. My sisters and I go to pick up the hot tub. Before we leave, my mom tells my brother Wally and I to look after Heather. She writes us notes and puts them on the table. I go outside to the car parked in front of the house, and we look for the comet. I see a shooting star, and think that it is the comet. There are a lot of comet-like objects. Heather says she knows, and points it out. I remember what my Astronomy professor Rada said about it being between the big dipper and the little dipper. I look, and can't find it there are too many stars, so I get into the car. We drive down Home Avenue to 3rd Street. The car is breaking down the brakes don't work. We turn onto 3rd Street. I tell Heather to coast and pull over to the side of the road. I drag my feet to slow us down. We finally stop by the local convenience store. The car is now a bicycle, and I'm with my sisters and a family friend Amber Sherman. It has been light out for a long time, and it's now 700pm. The sun is very high in the sky for this time of day, I notice. I tell the girls that it can't be the sun; it must be a supernova. We stop. Amber's motorcycle is broken. The object in the sky in pulsating. It is small, but it grows. It is a supernova. I can see the outer layers of fire it is ejecting. The ejected blasts come closer and overtake the earth, engulfing it. I see fire and debris rushing and crashing over the horizon. I tell my sisters to hide under the back of the station wagon, which is down. I see fire shoot over our heads. It is certain doom. I wonder if people near water will live. The car we are hiding under is sure to explode. I think I want to be a survivor of this. People who are near lakes or oceans might be survivors. (439 words)

#146 (03301996)

Injury Prone Run
I'm in a forest where a marathon is taking place. There is a wide path with deep ruts in the muddy ground. The area is very wet. I'm going down a large, steep hill. A lot of the runners are injured. They have sprained ankles, pulled muscles, etc. Some have splint-like structures on their legs. The splints look like real human legs, so it looks like 2 legs on top of each other. I am to help the ailing runners, but first I need tot put a pencil in the small refrigerator at the bottom of the hill. I do, opening the door and tossing it in, and then go and help a man. He has a sprained ankle. My mom and I help him up. I ask him which leg is hurt. He says his left. When we stand up, he puts his weight on his left foot. I wonder if he is faking the injury. We help him to the top where there is a small tent. People can drive their cars up to it. Family friends Louise Manilla and Lois Schmelzer are there, helping the runners. Also, a man who may be Dick Zates is getting people's vehicles or helping people to their vehicles. (210 words)

#147 (03301996)

Marge's Deceptive Visit
I'm in a dorm with some people. Shawn Salzburg is lying on the bottom bunk. In a closet are my clothes. There are a few things I haven't worn since I came to college. I show people two basketball t-shirts with funny logos on them. One shirt says Above the Rim and the other something with the word Pole.

I'm sitting down. My friends Marge Drummond, Nate Nelling, and George German come in. I greet them warmly. Marge says she's going to the bathroom. I didn't hear how her date with my friend Stephen went, so I follow her out to ask her. She walks down the hall, locking everyone's doors. The locks are on the outside of the doors. She does this to all the rooms on the left side of the hall. At the end of the hall are the bathrooms and a room for ballplayers to take batting practice. There are three guys that stayed in the women's bathroom overnight the previous night. They are with Marge. One of them tries to kiss Marge. I think they are seeing each other. But Marge turns away because I am there, and she knows I will tell Stephen. (202 words)

#148 (03301996)

Kids Soliciting Milk
I'm outside a large building on a college campus, like Middleton College or Washington University. There is a tour going on and some young black kids selling candy. One has a crate full of stuff that I look at. In it are some quarts of milk with two plastic cups on them, and some candy, jellybeans I think. There is a bin of plastic eggs nearby. People toss the eggs here after removing their candy contents. There is some candy on the ground three pieces. I eat it. (91 words)

#149 (03311996)

Green Carpeted Ramp
I'm with a woman who may be my college economics teacher, in her car. She needs to find a cash machine. We find one at a school, and she gets out to get cash.

Then I am driving with my mom. I'm telling her about my medicine that I take twice a day. It's getting dark. We drive by a huge company building. There are four or five huge garbage cans around the side of the building, built into the walls. There is a huge parking ramp in which our car is parked. My mom and I walk to the top level. It's late, most people have gone home, and the rest are leaving. Our car is parked right at the edge of the ramp, for which there are no walls, only metal cord going around the edge. I'm afraid we'll drive off the edge. The top of the ramp is covered with green plastic-like carpeting. My mom drives well, and we maneuver around a car and exit safely.

I'm in back of a house that feels like Sjogren's house, which I used to deliver papers to in Oak Valley. There is a rabbit wrapped up in a cocoon-like structure, like a white web. It comes out. At first, I think it's a deer; it's brown. Then I see it's a huge gray rabbit! It talks to me like it's a baby. It helps me put big chunks of split wood in a baler. It has a Christmas ball tied to its tail. It has a long nose and can stand on two feet. It balances a chunk of wood on its head. The rabbit is slow I could follow it as it hops around lethargically. (289 words)

#150 (03311996)

Water Polo and a Pool Creature
I'm at Armstrong High School to play a water Polo game. I think there is a winter storm outside. We hope in the pool and start fooling around. Among the people there are my friends Thad Templeton, Stephen Ramos, Sam Kingsley, Annette Gollum, Melanie McDyss and my girlfriend Annie Thomas. A basketball teammate from high school, John Kulik, may also be there. A group of kids and their leader arrive. We are restricted to the deep end of the pool, then. Before we start up, we all gather around the side of the pool. There are bunk beds there. The kid whose bed I am sitting on is on vacation. My friend Tom Napper talks about how he has urinated while on a cordless phone. I laugh and say I've done that too. A man named Hal and his mother are there and they laugh at that comment.

Instead of real goals, there are two small rags on each side of the pool. IT looks like they are poked into cracks in the pool. I put a bunch of silver change in my pocket; dimes I think. I have the balls. Instead of real water polo balls, we are using three small yellow Velcro discs about the size of a penny. I have all three, and grip them in my left hand. I dive over the people in the pool and race towards the goal. I think I can catch them off guard and score. I make it to the other end. People are grabbing me and pushing me, trying to stop me from scoring. The goal is different now it is an indentation in the side of the pool. One of the discs has to be put in it to score. I punch or thrust my arm and head into the opening with a maximum effort. People are on me. I think I score.

Then we are down by the other team's goal. One of the yellow discs has burst, and en eye came out of it. I give the disc and eye to Thad. I yell for Annette. I large woman and her clan of kids comes over. Her name is Annette too. I tell her no, that I meant Annette Gollum. A security guard then walks around the edge of the pool. He jumps in feet first, in full uniform. He surfaces a little later with a glass jar of pink grapefruit juice and something else. The lady Annette and the guard tell us of something that is in the pool, that has been lurking around. A person names Winston is in the pool, underwater. He is clothed, and upside down. He has blown out all his air. Kyle Rappaport is on the bottom of the pool, in the fetal position. Someone says something about this creature that is in the pool. I look down at Winston and Kyle and see that they are being held down by a black tentacle-like ribbon of flesh. The tentacles are coming out of a grate on the bottom of the pool. I realize Winston has been there for an hour and is dead, and that Kyle has been there 10 or 15 minutes and is probably dead too. Then the tentacles loosen. Their bodies begin to float up. I yell and run away. I know these people are dead. I stop and get some change from the bunk bed before I leave the area. (580 words)

#151 (04011996)

Crossing Orange Juice Pool
I'm moving into the second floor of the Billings Hall dorm. My new roommate is named Eric, who is a soccer player at Brimson with the brown bushy hair. We are going on a weekend trip in a van. I go up to the door and his stuff is outside the door in a blue duffle bag. I walk in the room, and he goes out for a minute. All of his stuff is settled in. It's like I moved in late. I go to the bathroom. I'm carrying a yellow tub of popcorn. There are some objects in the popcorn; snack pack pudding containers or clams. I go down a set of stairs to get to the bathroom. The stairs are wide. I see my friend's father Dilbert Simpson. He laughs at a story of me, something that happened a while back involving fish. We joke about the people serving fish one night at this weekend gathering we are going to. Dilbert says he wishes he could be in my group; be my group leader. I keep going to the bathroom. I cough up some phlegm. I go in the women's bathroom by mistake, and then go out. I have a bucket of scrambled eggs. I am trying to cross a swimming pool-like body of orange juice using a rope that is taut about 6 feet above the level of the surface. I spill some eggs, and end up gripping what's left of them in a baseball glove-like manner. My dad and my step mom Lisa are there. I think Lisa is saying something about not mixing the orange juice right it being bad. I am trying not to touch the juice. I get close to the other side, but don't quite make it. The rope is cut and I fall into the juice. I am still hanging on to the rope trying to get out of the pool. The rope is then cut on the other side of the pool, and goes slack. (339 words)

#152 (04011996)

Stephen is Driving a School Bus
I'm with my friend Stephen Ramos in a school bus that he is driving. We are at Rocker High School in the parking lot. We're driving between cars, narrowly avoiding them. We turn around. We're headed for a woman in a wheelchair. Stephen turns, and we narrowly miss her and other cars. It is very close. (62 words)

#153 (04021996)

Greasepit Overload
I'm going into a Perkins restaurant with my family. We're following a police officer in. When we get inside, it is a Greasepit burger joint with a Rax Restaurant shape. My mom pays for everyone, even the employees. My friend Matt Yams is there working, along with another kid and a woman. They order a lot of food two burgers each, fries, soda, and pies. It costs a lot. My friend Kevin Simpson works there. He gives me a bad glass of Pepsi. I think I asked for a Mountain Dew and a Dr. Pepper. The Pepsi is either too sweet or not sweet enough. The kid is punching up the till to find our order. The till breaks down. I tell him to add it up by hand. He can't do it, and gets mad. (138 words)

#154 (04021996)

Paintball News Broadcast
There is a news broadcast about paintball. I see a man with a paintball gun firing paintballs. There is a news van there. I have a small tube the side of a toilet paper tube, with which I am shooting paintballs which don't go very fast. The van and the action go away. An ambulance goes by. A woman says to go to 50th or 51st Street. She speeds off and we try to follow her. I am having a lot of trouble with the car I am driving, which may be my mom's car. I have a drunken friend in the passenger seat. I am by my home in Oak Valley. My friend Matt Yams and I are on bikes. We turn from 1st Street onto Home Avenue going north. There is heavy traffic. I get behind a vehicle with a boat. It slows and pulls over to the right, without brake lights. I realize the person driving is my dad. I think to go past him on the left, looking in the boat as I do to see if he got any fish. Matt rides off to the alley of the block between Home and Next Avenues. He's going north. I stop my dad, pulling him over to the right. I am on the sidewalk on the right side of the car. I tell my dad that Matt is around the corner and we're going to pick him up and go fishing. My dad says okay. (251 words)

#155 (04021996)

River Frogs at Washington University
I'm at Washington University with my friend Hilary Nano and either Stephen Ramos or Niles Zelling. We're in an old gym with fully tile-like floors playing basketball. I remember looking down at the court from balcony. We aren't making very m any shots. My arms